OSDOCS-17172-proxy-certificates CQA (#112906)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/proxy-cert-customization.adoc

> :_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

Reviewer: Metadata missing for assembly

[id="proxy-cert-customization_{context}"]
= Proxy certificate customization

[role="_abstract"]
Update proxy certificates by modifying the config map referenced by `trustedCA` or by using machine configs to write CA certificates to the {op-system} trust bundle.

> Updating the user-provided trust bundle consists of either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updating the user-provided trust bundle consists of completing one of the following tasks:
```

Run-on sentence

* Updating...
* Creating...

Author: Done

* updating the PEM-encoded certificates in the config map referenced by `trustedCA,` or
* creating a config map in the namespace `openshift-config` that contains the new trust bundle and updating `trustedCA` to reference the name of the new config map.

> The mechanism for writing CA certificates to the {op-system} trust bundle is exactly the same as writing any other file to {op-system}, which is done through the use of machine configs. When the Machine Config Operator (MCO) applies the new machine config that contains the new CA certificates, it runs the program `update-ca-trust` and restarts the CRI-O service on the {op-system} nodes. This update does not require a node reboot. Restarting the CRI-O service automatically updates the trust bundle with the new CA certificates. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mechanism for writing CA certificates to the {op-system} trust bundle is exactly the same as writing any other file to {op-system}, which is done through the use of machine configs. When the Machine Config Operator (MCO) applies the new machine config that contains the new CA certificates, the MCO runs the  `update-ca-trust` program and restarts the CRI-O service on the {op-system} nodes. This update does not require a node reboot. Restarting the CRI-O service automatically updates the trust bundle with the new CA certificates. For example:
```

Author: Done

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: machineconfiguration.openshift.io/v1
kind: MachineConfig
metadata:
  labels:
    machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role: worker
  name: 50-examplecorp-ca-cert
spec:
  config:
    ignition:
      version: 3.1.0
    storage:
      files:
      - contents:
          source: data:text/plain;charset=utf-8;base64,<base64_encoded_ca_certificate>
        mode: 0644
        overwrite: true
        path: /etc/pki/ca-trust/source/anchors/examplecorp-ca.crt
----

> The `truststore` of machines must also support updating the `truststore` of nodes.

Reviewer: Always good practice to add an empty line at the end of a module to prevent heading run-on to the next module.

Author: Done

> The trust store of machines must also support updating the trust store of nodes.

Author: Done

> The trust store of machines must also support updating the trust store of nodes.

Author: Done

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// security/certificates_types_descriptions/proxy-certificates

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="proxy-cert-customization_{context}"]
= Proxy certificate customization

[role="_abstract"]
Update proxy certificates by modifying the config map referenced by `trustedCA` or by using machine configs to write CA certificates to the {op-system} trust bundle.

Updating the user-provided trust bundle consists of completing one of the following tasks:

* updating the PEM-encoded certificates in the config map referenced by `trustedCA`

> * creating a config map in the namespace `openshift-config` that contains the new trust bundle and updating `trustedCA` to reference the name of the new config map.

Reviewer 2: The [ISG](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-lists#punctuation-in-lists) seems to suggest (by example only) that list items should always start with a capital letter. And, you don't need a period if the list item is not a complete sentence. (And I might remove the gerunds.)

```suggestion
* Update the PEM-encoded certificates in the config map referenced by `trustedCA`
* Create a config map in the namespace `openshift-config` that contains the new trust bundle and updating `trustedCA` to reference the name of the new config map
```

Author: Done

> The mechanism for writing CA certificates to the {op-system} trust bundle is exactly the same as writing any other file to {op-system}, which is done through the use of machine configs. When the Machine Config Operator (MCO) applies the new machine config that contains the new CA certificates, the MCO runs the program `update-ca-trust` program and restarts the CRI-O service on the {op-system} nodes. This update does not require a node reboot. Restarting the CRI-O service automatically updates the trust bundle with the new CA certificates. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The mechanism for writing CA certificates to the {op-system} trust bundle is exactly the same as writing any other file to {op-system}, which is done through the use of machine configs. When the Machine Config Operator (MCO) applies the new machine config that contains the new CA certificates, the MCO runs the `update-ca-trust` program and restarts the CRI-O service on the {op-system} nodes. This update does not require a node reboot. Restarting the CRI-O service automatically updates the trust bundle with the new CA certificates. For example:
```

Author: Done
